Control Board microcontroller programmer based on Orange Pi (can be a Raspberry Pi with little change)  and 2 LED indicators. The first red LED indicates power, connected to PIN 3-5 with a 470 0hm resistor
The second LED, 3-color common cathode connected to pins 19,21,23,25 with a 470-ohm resistor on pin 19.
For new versions to program, add inside the versions folder the .bin generated by the Arduino compiler with the same file names as previous versions. Inside the version config.json, change the hash and choose the chip configuration to use. When updating the version, just change the hash. 
Working process: just plug the microcontroller into the USB port, and the LED will turn green, and programming starts; at the end, turn BLue for success or Red for failure. Led turn off when microcontroller removed.
Programming will take a few seconds. If config.json turns off the erase flash parameter, flash will be faster.
In your browser, go to termotronic.local or programador.local or the new device IP to select the version to program and get statistics.
Clone the project with the commands below; a new folder named termotronic-firmware will appear, then copy what is inside the folder termotronic-firmware/files_for_root_directory to the root directory.
If it is a new SD memory with only a new OS, modify the crontab as indicated; if not, just check that the commands are there.

# termotronic-firmware
versions of different boards firmware
to clone the project, use:
- git clone https://github.com/termic1/termotronic-firmware.git
- cd termotronic-firmware
- python3 main.py

modify crontab to start the programmer at power-up. add the following line to crontab with:
- crontab -e
- add:
- PATH=/usr/local/bin:/usr/bin:/bin:/usr/local/games:/usr/games
- @reboot sleep30; DISPLAY=:0   /home/orangepi/prende.sh > /home/orangepi/prendeout.txt  $t.txt  2> /home/orangepi/prendeerr.txt

Copy the following files from termotronic-firmware/files_for_root_directory to the root directory: /home/orangepi
- prende.sh
- pren.log
- prendeerr.txt

Questions, write to henry.gratzer@gmail.com
